Nathan idling here with the Fastlane car
and next to me the 2014 Jeep Patriot and
we're gonna take it out and drive it
around a little bit in this lovely
miserable Colorado day we're in Red
Rocks Colorado we're going to test it
out next
what you see here is 172 horsepower
4-cylinder engine
it's a 2.4 liter and it puts out a
hundred sixty-five pound-feet of torque
it's hooked up to a new 6-speed
automatic transmission thank you God
because it used to be hooked up to a CVT
continuously variable transmission which
blew I'm sorry but it did the reason why
was because when you took this thing
off-road and it can't go off-road
you had to flog it to get up hills and
it screamed that it yelled and it
couldn't stand it no with the six-speed
automatic transmission everything is
smooth on-road off-road you name it good
setup
not very inspiring you know would be
really cool if Jeep actually used a Fiat
engine locked at 1.4 liter turbo that
would be awesome as it is combined this
gets 23 miles per gallon which isn't too
bad for an all-wheel drive fairly hefty
little guy
yeah it's boxy pretty much the same
thing as before the Patriot has never
really been anything more than a vehicle
that was made to look like a Jeep and
well it kind of does the one thing is
this particular vehicle is the latitude
and it's not trail rated trail rated for
those of you who don't know means that a
vehicle built by Jeep is able to handle
a certain off-road area
not a ton of space but once again if
you're comparing it to the Subaru
Crosstrek XV obviously very similar
space got a cricket line now let me show
you the interior this is one of the
places where the new Patriot has really
really improved
touch touch hi I'm sorry I know I know
I'm not supposed to pop in okay but look
look look down here Kyle this is a
simple engagement before your 4 wheel
drive lock and what it basically does is
when you pull it up on the dash it'll
say four wheel drive it means that your
portioning out torque front and rear
equal and it works like indeed snow and
mud and whatnot and it actually works
pretty good sorry I'll let you get back
to your interior shots thank you I
really like it when people pad door
panels so that way I can put my elbow up
here and not feel pain and they did that
not only that but the entire interior of
the Patriot is vastly improved over say
2012 or before
and fortunately the materials themselves
are higher quality granted they're
getting drenched right now and another
thing that I really do enjoy is the fact
the stereo system is pretty damn good
but there's another thing let me show
you with my big boy shoes on I'm about 6
2 so the seat is nearly all the way back
but I do fit behind myself Headroom in
the back isn't great it's much better a
friend boat check this up seats I can
recline a little bit in a weird way like
this it's like you're at a Lamaze class
or something like that but hey anyway it
works pretty good right off the bat
there are a few things they're gonna
notice about the Patriot that you may
not have felt saying other vehicles in
the same class one of which is it's a
little tiny bit loud so there's some
road noise the steering well it's fine
it's not a big deal
but it's
not very adjustable either in other
words there's no telescoping feature
damn it so it goes up and now but it
won't telescope I really wish it would
there's a little bit of shake throughout
the cabin when you're going over joints
it's not too bad but you can feel it
around town easy to drive pretty easy to
park relatively easy to see Atta despite
the small windows and yeah kind of
comfortable um front and back seat
comfort is pretty good so although
decent driver could use a little bit
more power
just because we're not going out notice
me again
eleven all four wheels drift that stop
so for the fast lane cars by at Lisa
Trenton or forget it what do I give this
Jeep Patriot pretty damn good actually
it's alright I think I'd give it a lease
it if it's the four-cylinder with the
2-liter no one no no I'd give it a
rented but with this engine it's okay
like
you